Oh
it would
the
this dance is called red Molly Craig
wrought by K solid and Robby McGowan
Hickey
32 count for wall improver level line
dance section one star with your left
foot Charleston step one two three four
level shuffle four five and six touch
one eighth of a turn to the left twice
seven eight together you make a quarter
left section to revel crash a full one
and two big step to the left side
together three four Levin crush off four
five and six right here to the right
diagnose seven eight me now facing nine
o'clock
your weight is on the left section three
rival coaster step one and two left with
toe heel stomp three and four right with
toe heel stomp five and six step pivot
quarter turn to your right
seven eight last section cross side
behind side cross one two three and four
sigh rock recover corduroy coaster step
five six seven and eight
there's no tag on will restart in the
stands just enjoy it now let me do a
walk-through with counts 5 6 7 8 1 2 3 4
5 & 6 7 8 section 2 1 & 2 3 4 5 & 6 7 8
section 3 1 & 2 3 & 4 5 & 6 7 8 last
section
1 2 3 & 4 5 6 7 & 8
thank you very much for watching